MPP-2117: ADR 0002 - Use mask address as `From:` address (#3754)
mozilla/fx-private-relay: docs/adr/0002-use-mask-as-from-address.md

```

This format was inspired by the
[ReSender example](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5598#section-5.2) from
[RFC 5598: Internet Mail Architecture](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5598).
It used standards-based headers to make it clear who sent the message and who
resent it.

- Good, because the sender's email address is available for filtering.
- Bad, because [DKIM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DomainKeys_Identified_Mail)
  verification caused messages to be marked as spam or dropped entirely.

### Option 3: Use the Relay Mask as the `From:` Address

If the sender's email headers are:

```
Subject: A special offer for you
From: "Your friends at service X" <offers@servicex.example.com>
To: r4nd0m@mozmail.com
```

Relay forwards with:

```
Subject: A special offer for you
From: "offers@servicex.example.com [via Relay]" r4nd0m@mozmail.com
To: users-real-email@mail.example.com
Reply-To: replies@relay.firefox.com
Resent-From: offers@servicex.example.com
```

- Good, because the original sender is visible in the display name.
- Good, because the email mask is available for filtering.
- Good, because Proton Mail organizes by mask in conversation mode.

> - Good, because it rewards usage of a mask on a single service, which is better
>   for user privacy and is compatible with the Relay business model.
> - Bad, because of a small increased probability of delivery to spam, due to the
>   reputation of `mozmail.com` versus `mozilla.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Good, because it rewards usage of a mask on a single service, which is better
  for user privacy.
- Bad, because of a small increased probability of delivery to spam, due to the
  reputation of `mozmail.com` versus `firefox.com`.
```

In QA testing in August 2023, emails from one service were sent to spam with

> the new `From:` address, while were delivered to the inbox with the old `From:`

Reviewer: suggestion (blocking): seems like there's a number missing here? "... while where delievered to the inbox ..."

Author: good catch! Changing the paragraph to:

> In QA testing in August 2023, over 100 services had no delivery change with the new `From:` address. For one service, the email went to spam instead of the inbox.

address from Option 1, while over 100 saw no difference in Inbox delivery.

### Option 4: Use the Relay Mask Plus Derived Prefix as the `From:` Address

If the sender's email headers are:

```
Subject: A special offer for you
From: "Your friends at service X" <offers@servicex.example.com>
To: r4nd0m@mozmail.com
```

Relay forwards with:

```
Subject: A special offer for you
From: "offers@servicex.example.com [via Relay]" r4nd0m+offers_at_servicex.example.com@mozmail.com
To: users-real-email@mail.example.com
Reply-To: replies@relay.firefox.com
Resent-From: offers@servicex.example.com
```

- Good, because the original sender is visible in the display name.
- Good, because the email mask plus original email is available for filtering.
- Good, because Proton Mail organizes by mask in conversation mode.

> - Bad, because of a small increased probability of delivery to spam, due to the
>   reputation of `mozmail.com` versus `mozilla.com`.
> - Bad, because it encourages reuse of masks, which is worse for user privacy
>   and for the Relay business model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bad, because of a small increased probability of delivery to spam, due to the
  reputation of `mozmail.com` versus `firefox.com`.
- Bad, because it encourages reuse of masks, which is worse for user privacy.
```
